# Another ChatGPT 

## Description

ChatGPT-like ReactJS application build with Vite for frontend, and Express server powered by NodeJS for backend.
The application leverages the power of the OpenAI API to provide dynamic conversational experience.
The app's interface resembles a messaging app, styled with CSS. Employs React state for data management.

## Table of Contents


- [Usage](#usage)
- [Data Source](#datasource)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Running](#running)

## Usage

To use this project you will need to your own OpenAI API_KEY. Follow the instructions in the Istallation to create your .env file with your API key. 

## Data Source

Please not that the responses generated by this application are sourced from the OpenAI API.

## Installation

**NB: 

Follow these instructions to set up the project locally:

1. Clone the repository
```bash
    git clone https://github.com/anyajegorova/another_chatgpt.git
```
2. Navigate to project directory:
```bash
    cd gpt_try
```
3. Install dependencies:
```bash
    npm install
```
6. Set up environment variables:
- Create a new file named '.env' in the root folder.
- Open the '.env' file in a text editor.
- Add the following line and replace `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual API key: 
```bash
API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
```
5. Start the application concurrently:
```bash
    npm start
```
This will run the server and the frontent concurrently.
The frontend will be available at http://localhost:5173.
The server will be available at http://localhost:8000.


## Running

Ensure that Node.js and npm are installed on your machine before running the application.
If not, you can download NodeJs from https://nodejs.org/ .



